TODO.md, before:

# Goals:
 - periodically query running processes and track the lifetimes of particular processes corresponding to applications
 - DONE categorize those particular processes (and corresponding applications) as work, leisure, common, or other
 - *1 *2 aggregate the wall time per day spent on work, leisure, or browser applications
 - send out email notifications summarizing the aggregation

# Solutions:
 - schedule scraping of running processes
 - DONE compare new scrape against previous scrape to see if/which processes have stopped running, i.e., the application has closed. Cases:
   - DONE The process (same PID, ctime) is still alive and running
   - DONE The process is not running but has not been reassigned
   - DONE The process is now running but with a different ctime, i.e., it has stopped and been reassigned

# *1 COMPLETE
 - **script runs periodically, so nothing is kept in memory between executions --> object-based storage will not work**
 - DONE each script execution should run a "scrape" --> get running applications and write to a database
 - DONE **database tables based on daily usage --> one per day**
 - DONE check existing application entries in table against current scrape
 - DONE**how to treat separate executions and closings of applications? --> don't categorize applications by .exe, but by execution
 -

# *2 COMPLETE
 - **how to perform aggregations on application data**
 - DONE calculate the walltime for each logged application execution, then:
   - DONE for each application name, sum together the walltimes
     - (and then some)

Commit message:

summary of aggregate app data not necessary atm, aggregation is good as is

TODO.md, after:

# Goals:
 - periodically query running processes and track the lifetimes of particular processes corresponding to applications
 - DONE categorize those particular processes (and corresponding applications) as work, leisure, common, or other
 - **\*1 \*2** aggregate the wall time per day spent on work, leisure, or browser applications
 - send out email notifications summarizing the aggregation

# Solutions:
 - schedule scraping of running processes
 - DONE compare new scrape against previous scrape to see if/which processes have stopped running, i.e., the application has closed. Cases:
   - DONE The process (same PID, ctime) is still alive and running
   - DONE The process is not running but has not been reassigned
   - DONE The process is now running but with a different ctime, i.e., it has stopped and been reassigned

# *1 COMPLETE
 - **script runs periodically, so nothing is kept in memory between executions --> object-based storage will not work**
 - DONE each script execution should run a "scrape" --> get running applications and write to a database
 - DONE **database tables based on daily usage --> one per day**
 - DONE check existing application entries in table against current scrape
 - DONE**how to treat separate executions and closings of applications? --> don't categorize applications by .exe, but by execution
 -

# *2 ~COMPLETE --> *3
 - **how to perform aggregations on application data**
 - DONE calculate the walltime for each logged application execution, then:
   - DONE for each application name, sum together the walltimes
     - (and then some)

# *3
 - **summary tells combined time of apps per category --> does not account for overlap!!!**
 - jeez, how to account for overlap... possible within SQL? or require Python processing?
 - **honestly, don't even really need the global summary, per app usage is fine**
